Participants performed the gradCPT, a go/no-go continuous per- formance
task with gradual transitions between stimuli (e.g., Fortenbaugh et al.,
2015; Esterman et al., 2013). The stimuli consisted of 20 grayscale
photographs of scenes cropped in a circle. Ten photographs were mountain
scenes, and the other ten were city scenes.  On any trial, there was a 10%
chance that a mountain scene was presented, and a 90% chance that a city
scene was presented. For each administration of gradCPT, the order of
scenes was random. Each scene gradually transitioned into the next scene
using linear pixel-by- pixel interpolation, with the complete transition
occurring over ~800 ms. Participants were instructed to press the space bar
on the keyboard for every city scene but withhold their response for the
mountain scenes. Response accuracy was emphasized without reference to
speed.  However, given that the next stimulus would replace the current
stimulus in ~800 ms, a response deadline was implicit in the task (see
reaction time and coefficient of variation belo



from esterman et al. 2013 (https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhs261)

Reaction Time
RTs were calculated relative to the beginning of each image transition,
such that an RT of 800 ms indicates a button press at the moment
image n was 100% coherent and not mixed with other images. A
shorter RT indicates that the current scene was still in the process of
transitioning from the previous, and a longer RT indicates that the
current scene was in the process of transitioning to the subsequent
scene. So, for example, an RT of 720 ms would be at the moment of
90% image n and 10% image n − 1, and so forth. On rare trials with
highly deviant RTs (before 70% coherence of image n and after 40%
coherence of image n + 1) or multiple button presses, an iterative
algorithm maximized correct responses as follows. The algorithm first
assigned unambiguous correct responses, leaving few ambiguous
button presses ( presses before 70% coherence of the current scene
and after 40% coherence of the following scene or multiple presses
occurred on <5% of trials). Second, ambiguous presses were assigned
to an adjacent trial if 1 of the 2 had no response. If both adjacent
trials had no response, the press was assigned to the closest trial,
unless one was a no-go target, in which case subjects were given the
benefit of the doubt that they correctly omitted. Finally, if there were
multiple presses that could be assigned to any 1 trial, the fastest
response was selected. Slight variations to this algorithm yielded
highly similar results, as most button presses showed a 1–1 corre-
spondence with presented images.
